                            _________________________
                            C  L  A  N  S  U  I  T  E


  Project Shortcuts
  -----------------

  Website 	http://clansuite.com/
  Bugtracker	http://trac.clansuite.com/
  Forum		http://forum.clansuite.com/	

  What is it?
  -----------

    Clansuite is is just another php based content management system, but this one is
    state-of-the-art and especially for esport teams. It is designed to effectively manage
    and administrate team-ressources, people, processes and information on the web.

    Because of it's modular design approach, it could be used by everyone demanding a
    feature-rich and easy to maintain content management system.

    It's even suitable for "esport" and "real-life" sports teams, associations,
    personal web pages, freelancers or to create the business website for your company.

    Clansuite is written in PHP and should run under PHP5.2+.

    You can find more information about Clansuite and the latest sources on the official website
    http://clansuite.com/.

  The Latest Version
  ------------------

    Details of the latest version can be found on the Clansuite homepage
    <http://clansuite.com/>.


  Documentation
  -------------

    Documentation is available in ASCIIDOC format in the /docs/manuals directory. In particular,
    open any of the asciidoc files (*.asc) to see the clansuite manual.
    Developer Documentation is available on our website.


  Authors
  -------

    Clansuite is maintained by Jens-André Koch <jakoch@web.de>.

    Clansuite is written and developed by the Clansuite Development Team.
    This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many individuals.

    For detailed contributor informations and to get an overview of the
    people involved here, look at the file "AUTHORS".


  Credits
  -------

    Few third party libraries and classes, scripts and graphics and icons are bundled to Clansuite.
    The details are noted in the files "CREDITS" and "THIRD-PARTY-LIBRARIES".


  Licensing
  ---------

    Clansuite is licensed under

    (a) GPL version 2 and any later version,
        (You may find the GPL License Terms in the file named "COPYING.txt".)

    and

    (b)  the additional license terms you may find in the file "LICENSE".


    Clansuite's Documentation is licensed under the "GNU Free Documentation License".

  Bugs
  ----

    If you find any bugs, please do one of the following things:
    1 ) visit the websites support-forum to report them
    2 ) or submit them to the bugtracker at http://bugtracker.clansuite.com/ .
    3 ) or mail them on the developer-mailinglist.
    More information can be found on the official website.


  Last Words
  ----------

    Thanks for using Clansuite!

      Best Regards,

        Jens-André Koch
        Clansuite Maintainer

  Version: $Id$